Introduce property to disable default mapper per REST Client (#44816)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/rest-client.adoc

}
----

=== Disabling the default mapper

As mandated by the REST Client specification, a default exception mapper is included, that throws an exception when HTTP status code is higher than 400.
While this behavior is fine when the client returns a regular object, it is however very unintuitive when the client needs to return a `jakarta.ws.rs.core.Response`
(with the intention of allowing the caller to decide how to handle the HTTP status code).

For this reason, the REST Client includes a property named `disable-default-mapper` which can be used to disable the default mapper when using a REST client in a declarative manner.

For example, with a client like so:

[source, java]
----
    @Path("foo")
    @RegisterRestClient(configKey = "bar")
    public interface Client {
        @GET
        Response get();
    }
----

> the default exception mapper can be disabled by setting `quarkus.rest-client.foo.disable-default-mapper=true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default exception mapper can be disabled by setting `quarkus.rest-client.bar.disable-default-mapper=true` to disable the exception mapper for the REST Client configured with the key `bar`.
```

Should it be `foo` or `bar` in the property name?
